[DOCS][Visual Data Prep] Data Prep - Multimodal / Milvus - publishing prep - main (#2932)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: microservices/visual-data-preparation-for-retrieval/multimodal-dataprep/docs/user-guide/get-started/system-requirements.md

**Hardware Platforms**:

- As per sample application documentation:
  - [Video Search and Summarization System Requirements](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-libraries/video-search-and-summarization/get-started/system-requirements.html#hardware-platforms-used-for-validation)
  - [Visual Search and Q&A System Requirements](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-suites/visual-search-question-and-answering/get-started/system-requirements.html#supported-platforms)

## Minimum Requirements

- As per sample application documentation:
  - [Video Search and Summarization System Requirements](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-libraries/video-search-and-summarization/get-started/system-requirements.html#minimum-configuration)
  - [Visual Search and Q&A System Requirements](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-suites/visual-search-question-and-answering/get-started/system-requirements.html#minimum-requirements)

## Software Requirements

**Required Software**:

- Docker 24.0
- Python 3.10
- MinIO server (optional, for object storage)

> - If you are behind a proxy, please make sure `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, `no_proxy` are properly set on the shell you use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are behind a proxy, make sure `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, and `no_proxy` are properly exported in the shell you use (e.g., `export http_proxy=http://proxy.example.com:8080`).
```
